How could it be Ye Longyuan?
This was told to me by the Holy King himself
Said that God sent him to save you
This must be Ye
Long Yuan shamelessly came to claim credit
Said he saved you
This guy is so shameless
This Ye Longyuan is shameless
Dear, my sister is really getting more and more polite.
He dared to save even the credit of the Holy King
Damn it
Something's wrong here.
The Holy King himself came to solve this matter
But why could Ye Longyuan
Appear in this room
When I opened my eyes and saw him just now
There is still a glimmer of hope in my heart
It really shouldn't be
Think about it, he only eats soft rice
Addicted to lying to rich women
How could it be reformed?
Brutal credit
It's not the first time he's done it either.
scream
Don't think so much.
You are not from the same world
He Ye Longyuan is useless except for eating soft rice
And you're ambitious.
No matter what
Huanye Longyuan is not worthy of you at all
Qianjiao Shaojie is right
Ye Longyuan is so shameless
What are you sad about?
Now you should be happy
happy
Why is that?
Three days later
Tianmen will hold a Tianmen banquet in Gusu Courtyard
It is said that the Lord God will appear
We can rely on this piece of history
Free access to Gusu Courtyard
And here's the key thing.
We have the opportunity to rebuild the Lord God
Is the prophecy true?
I can really see God again
Of course it's true.
I will lie to you
Then we'll go tomorrow.
This time I must see the Lord God
subordinate
Su Yuying, the god of flame war in Kunlun Temple, kowtows to the lord of gods
What did you come here for?
Lin Qianjiao, the daughter of the neighbor, has long admired the Lord of God
I want to pay tribute to the Lord of God today
It can be just him.
Go up, the Lord God is waiting for you in the second floor room
Just you.